51;A relevant document will cite or discuss assistance to Airbus Industrie by the French, German, British or Spanish government(s), or will discuss a trade dispute between Airbus or the European governments and a U.S. aircraft producer, most likely Boeing Co. or McDonnell Douglas Corp., or the U.S. government, over federal subsidies to Airbus.
52;A relevant document will discuss any aspect of South African sanctions, such as: sanctions declared/proposed by a country against the South African government in response to its apartheid policy, or in response to pressure by an individual, organization or another country; international sanctions against Pretoria imposed by the United Nations; the effects of sanctions against S. Africa; opposition to sanctions; or, compliance with sanctions by a company.  The document will identify the sanctions instituted or being considered, e.g., corporate disinvestment, trade ban, academic boycott, arms embargo.
53;A relevant document will cite a leveraged buyout (LBO) valued at or above 200 million dollars.  The LBO may be at any stage, e.g., considered, proposed, pending, a fact.  The company (being) taken private must be identified.  The offer may be expressed in dollars a share.
54;A relevant document will mention the signing of a contract or preliminary agreement , or the making of a tentative reservation, to launch a commercial satellite.
55;A relevant document will discuss an insider-trading case, identifying the accused/the defendant(s), as well as the government doing the investigation. It will also mention at least one of the following specifics of the case: the alleged illegal activity, whether charged with providing or using insider information, possible conspirator's role in the scheme, the monetary amount of illegal profit and of damage; if pronounced guilty, then the sentence terms, e.g., monetary penalty (cash payment), time in prison, cooperation with the government, probation, community service, being barred from the industry for a certain time period.
56;A relevant document will include a prediction about the prime lending rate (national-level or major banks'), or will report a prime rate move by major banks, in response to or in anticipation of a federal/national-level action, such as a cut in the discount rate.
57;A relevant document will discuss the financial health of MCI Communications Corp. since the breakup of the Bell System (AT&T and the seven regional Baby Bells) in January 1984.  The status indicated may not necessarily be a direct or indirect result of the breakup of the system and ensuing regulation and deregulation of Ma Bell or of the restrictions placed upon the seven Bells; it may result from any number of factors, such as advances in telecommunications technology, MCI initiative, etc.  MCI's financial health may be reported directly: a broad statement about its earnings or cash flow, or a report containing financial data such as a quarterly report; or it may be reflected by one or more of the following: credit ratings, share of customers, volume growth, cuts in capital spending, $$ figure net loss, pre-tax charge, analysts' or MCI's own forecast about how well they will be doing, or MCI's response to price cuts that AT&T makes at its own initiative or under orders from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), such as price reductions, layoffs of employees out of a perceived need to cut costs, etc.  Daily OTC trading stock market and monthly short interest reports are NOT relevant; the inventory must be longer term, at least quarterly.
58;A relevant document will either report an impending rail strike, describing the conditions which may lead to a strike, or will provide an update on an ongoing strike.  To be relevant, the document will identify the location of the strike or potential strike.  For an impending strike, the document will report the status of negotiations, contract talks, etc. to enable an assessment of the probability of a strike.  For an ongoing strike, the document will report the length of the strike to the current date and the status of negotiations or mediation.
59;A relevant document will include the number of people killed and injured by the weather event, as well as reporting the type of weather event and the location of the event.
60;A relevant document will name an employer (company, institution, or governmental entity) which has announced a change in its policy regarding merit vs. seniority in paying employees, or name an employee group (union or lobbying group) which is protesting a change in merit vs. seniority status for a particular employee group.  The change announced should be a move away from one policy toward another, not an announcement of across-the-board cuts as a cost-cutting measure.
61;A relevant document will discuss Israel's role in the Iran-Contra Affair.  Any mention or hint of Israeli involvement in the scandal, e.g., selling arms to Iran, suggesting diverting profits from sales of arms to Iran to Nicaraguan insurgents, participating in diversion of funds to the Contras, kicking back money to Iranian officials, kidnapping relatives of top Iranian officials by the Mossad (Israeli intelligence service) to be exchanged for U.S. hostages in Lebanon, is relevant.
62;A relevant document will identify the country involved, the group responsible for the coup or coup attempt, the target of the coup, and the motivation of the coup plotters. It should NOT be about civilian government shake ups.
63;A relevant document will identify a machine translation system which is being developed or marketed in any country.  It will identify the developer or vendor, name the system, and identify one or more features of the system.
64;A relevant document will report an attempt (successful or unsuccessful) to seize a hostage for some political purpose, report on hostages currently held, or report a current hostage release event.  The document will identify the nationality of the victim, some identification of the perpetrators (nationality or religion), and location where the hostage-taking occurred.
65;A relevant document will identify an information retrieval system, identify the company or person marketing the system, and identify some of the characteristics of the system.
66;A relevant document will identify a company or institution developing or marketing a natural language processing technology, identify the technology, and identify one or more features of the company's product.
67;A relevant document will report the location of the disturbance, the identity of the group causing the disturbance, the nature of the disturbance, the identity of the group suppressing the disturbance and the political goals of the protesters. It should NOT be about economically-motivated civil disturbances and NOT be about a civil disturbance directed against a second country.
68;A relevant document will report the type of fiber in question, and whether the fiber has been determined to be harmful or is merely suspected of being harmful.
69;A relevant document will describe an attempt to push the U.S. Administration to adhere to the limits on weapons proposed in SALT II.  To be relevant the document must identify what group is pushing the policy and what methods they are using to influence the U.S. Administration.
70;A relevant document will report legal opinions, judgments, and decisions regarding surrogate motherhood and the custody of any children which result from surrogate motherhood.  To be relevant, a document must identify the case, state the issues which are or were being decided and report at least one ethical or legal question which arises from the case.
71;A relevant document will name the invading country or group, name the invaded country, and identify the target or goal of the attacking force.  The target or goal must be a military objective. It should NOT be about a war or invasion in which troops remain on foreign soil for a sustained engagement. It should NOT be about a territorial dispute or economic dispute (such as fishing rights) which is being negotiated or argued by civilian groups.
72;A relevant document will name the location (state, county, city, town, or geographical area) which is undergoing a demographic shift, report whether the shift is a gain or loss of population, and give some indication of the magnitude of the shift such as a number, percentage, ratio, or ranking. The movement of population described should be large enough to have some impact on the economy of either the losing area, the receiving area, or both.
73;A relevant document will name the location (country or geographical area of a country) which is undergoing a demographic shift, report whether the shift is a gain or loss of population, and give some indication of the magnitude of the shift such as a number, percentage, ratio, or ranking. The movement of population described should be large enough to have some impact on the economy of either the losing country, the receiving country, or both.
74;A relevant document will cite an instance in which the U.S. federal government propounds two policies which are in conflict with or opposition to each other, or seem at least hypocritical.  These policies may be cited in the same document, or in two separate documents within one month's time.  The target is conflicting policies, NOT a reversal of policy.  Examples of two-faced policy of interest include: expending funds in the campaign against tobacco use while subsidizing the U.S. tobacco industry and the marketing of U.S. tobacco products abroad, allowing imports of produce treated with pesticide which is banned in the U.S., disapproving the sale of deficient infant formula in the U.S. while allowing it to be exported to the third world.
75;A relevant document will cite a case in which automation has been at least a factor in cutting costs, by either increased efficiency or a smaller payroll or both, or a case in which automation has failed for some reason in reducing costs, or had disappointing results.  The case may involve an industry or a particular firm.
76;A relevant document will include a discussion of, or debate over, the issue of the original intent of the U.S. Constitution, or the meaning of a particular amendment to the Constitution, or will present an individual's interpretation of an amendment.  (A mere reference to the problem is not relevant.)
77;A relevant document will identify the type of wildlife being poached, the poaching technique or method of killing the wildlife which is used by the poacher, and the reason for the poaching (e.g. for a trophy, meat, or money). A report of poaching or someone caught for poaching without mention of the technique used and the reason is not relevant.
78;A relevant document will report a protest action by Greenpeace, citing the company or country targeted by the organization, the specific target (such as a ship, train, etc.), the action carried out by Greenpeace, and the objective which Greenpeace sought to attain.
79;A relevant document will report at least one goal or objective of one of the German political parties.  The position will be stated clearly enough that the reader will be able to understand where the party stands on a specific issue.
80;A relevant document will identify something about the platform of a 1988 presidential candidate: his campaign, plans, promises, philosophy, position on an issue, issue(s) important to him, or how he would address an issue if elected.  The platform of an individual candidate is of interest; the party platform is not relevant.
81;A relevant document will identify a religious broadcaster, and report a specific dollar amount or a percentage loss, indicating a decline in revenue suffered by that broadcaster as a result of consumer reaction to the Jim Bakker scandal.
82;A relevant document will discuss a product, e.g., drug, microorganism, vaccine, animal, plant, agricultural product, developed by genetic engineering techniques; identify an application, such as to clean up the environment or human gene therapy for a specific problem; or, present human attitudes toward genetic engineering.
83;A relevant document will discuss specific steps taken or under consideration at the multilateral, bilateral, or national level to protect the atmosphere. The plan, project, agreement, treaty, or law discussed in the document will identify steps taken or to be taken under the measure and its purpose (limiting chlorofluorocarbon emissions, reducing acid rain, containing carbon dioxide buildup, or blocking deforestation) and not focus on scientific debate or research into such atmospheric phenomena as ozone depletion and global warming.
84;A relevant document will identify a specific alternative/renewable energy plant or equipment installation planned or under-construction, to include the technology employed, projected capacity or output, location, and specific financial information, e.g. total cost, source of funding, estimated unit production costs, etc.  Document will not focus on political discussions of developing sources of alternate energy, nor will it focus on macroeconomic discussions of national energy needs.
85;A relevant document will discuss charges or actions being taken against corrupt public officials (be they elected, appointed, or career civil servant) anywhere in the world.  The allegations or charges must be specific, e.g. bribes taken >from a named group or individual with a given objective, rather than generalized allegations of endemic political corruption, or moves against corporate or private malfeasance (unless linked to an official corruption case).
86;A relevant document, in addition to giving specific identifying information on a failed bank (or banks), must be clear that the bank was chartered within the United State and that it is a bank, as opposed to another financial institution such as a savings and loan or credit union, and must specify the actions taken or being taken by the public authorities.
87;To be relevant, a document will discuss a recently concluded or pending criminal case being pursued by U.S. federal or state authorities against officers of a failed financial institution.  Civil actions, such as creditor claims filed for recovery of losses, are not relevant.  The failed institution may have been insured by either federal or state funds and may belong to any category of financial institution, e.g. bank, savings and loan, credit union, etc.  Although not essential, it would be preferable if the document provided such details on the case as specific crime, losses to insurance funds, penalties imposed, etc.
88;To be relevant, document must contain international crude oil production and price data in at least two out of the three following categories: reported daily output by any member of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) or the larger non-OPEC producers (e.g. U.S., USSR, Mexico, Norway, and Great Britain); the official production quota set by OPEC for any of its members; and, prices in at least one of the so-called "benchmark" crude oil markets (specifically, West Texas Intermediate, North Sea Brent, Rotterdam crude oil spot market, and crude oil futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange).  Documents referencing OPEC and its members likely will report or speculate about political and diplomatic moves related to the "official" OPEC price, but such information by itself is not directly relevant.  The best documents would be those which summarize and statistically analyze crude oil production and price data over a period of time, rather than those which simply report daily market numbers.
89;To be relevant, a document must identify an existing or pending investment by an OPEC member state (or its national oil company) in any "downstream" installation or enterprise.  The investment may be through a joint venture, acquisition, construction, or stock purchase of any operation in the refining, petrochemical, oil industry equipment manufacture, drilling and exploration, shipping, marketing and retail sales, or other ancillary "downstream" activity.
90;To be relevant, a document must give specific data on totals, additions, subtractions, recalculations, or adjustments to the official proven reserve figures used by any national or corporate entity which produces oil or natural gas.  The document should specify whether a change is due to such factors as new investment in drilling activity or oil field installations, depletions or losses, recalculations of existing figures, acquisition of other producers, etc.
91;To be relevant, document will provide such specific information as contracts concluded, payments made to contractors, or actual deliveries to the U.S. Army of the following advanced weapons systems: Abrams Tank (M-1), Apache Helicopter (AH-64), Patriot Missile, Blackhawk Helicopter, or Bradley Fighting Vehicle.  Congressional discussions of such systems, DoD budget proposals, RDT&E activities, overseas sales, component/spare parts/ancilliary equipment/services acquisitions, and system modifications are not relevant.  In other words, document must report actual or agreed-to deliveries to the U.S. Army of core elements of their most modern weapons systems.
92;To be relevant, document will identify a proposed or recently concluded sale of military equipment, to include weapons platforms, munitions, spares, ancilliary equipment, technology, and services.  The equipment and quantities must be identified, and recent should be defined as within the previous 12 months, but the price and conditions of sale are optional information.  Any international sale, including transfers between NATO members or equipment being provided under military aid programs, is relevant.  However, political discussions of international military equipment sales, such as debate of the Iran-Contra Affair, discussion of the UN embargo against South Africa, or Congressional expressions of hostility against equipment sales to Arab states, unless linked to a specific transaction, are not relevant.
93;To be relevant, a document must describe or name individuals or organizations who are members of the NRA, or who contribute money to it.  A document is also relevant if it quantifies the NRA's financial assets or identifies any other NRA holdings.
94;To be relevant, a document must describe an illegal activity which was carried out with the aid of a computer, either used as a planning tool, such as in target research; or used in the conduct of the crime, such as by illegally gaining access to someone else's computer files.  A document is NOT relevant if it merely mentions the illegal spread of a computer virus or worm. However, a document WOULD be relevant if the computer virus/worm were used in conjunction with another crime, such as extortion.
95;To be relevant, a document must describe either an actual or a theoretical computer application to detective work, by the police or by another law enforcement organization.  A relevant document could include techniques such as profiling criminals and their methods of operation, identifying finger prints, spotting anomalies, etc.
96;To be relevant, a document must describe actual computer software or hardware which is in operational use for the purpose of diagnosing, or assisting in diagnosing, patients' medical conditions.
97;To be relevant, a document must describe actual operational situations in which fiber optics are being employed, or will be employed.  A document describing future fiber optics use will be relevant only if contracts have been signed concerning the future application.
98;To be relevant, a document must identify by name either individuals or companies which manufacture equipment or materials used in fiber optics technology.
99;A relevant document will identify a development in the unfolding saga termed the Iran-Contra Affair.  A development consists of an agent and an action. Of interest are at least piecemeal disclosures of who did what in order to be able to come up with a description and chronology of events so that a determination can be made of who was behind the scheme.
100;A relevant document will identify activities of the U.S. Departments of Commerce, Defense, and State to set policy or regulate exports of strategic goods and technologies, or it will report on similar activities by allied nations, or it will discuss technology transfer policy issues and determinations under consideration by the Paris-based COCOM.  Unless explicitly related to policy issues or establishment of regulations aimed at controlling transfers of high technology goods and technologies, such events as investigations of alleged violations of COCOM rules or arms shipments in violation of embargoes are not relevant.
101;A relevant document will provide information which aids description of the design and technology to be used in the anti-missile defense system advocated by the Reagan administration, the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI), also known as "star wars."  Any reported changes to original design, or any research results which might lead to changes of constituent technologies, are also relevant documents.  However, reports on political debate over the SDI, or arms control negotiations which might encompass the SDI, are NOT relevant to the science and technology focus of this topic, unless they provide specific information on design and technology.
102;A relevant document will provide information on laser research which is either explicitly linked to the U.S.'s Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI, also known as "star wars") or which has potential applicability to the development of SDI laser technology.  Potentially relevant research could be referred to as research into directed energy weapons, or high energy lasers, or, more generally, referred to as military laser research.  A relevant document could take many forms -- award of contract, report of research results, or abstract of a professional paper on lasers.  However, a document clearly focused on use of low-power lasers in consumer products, surgical instruments, or industrial cutting tools is NOT relevant.
103;A relevant document will reveal attempts by any U.S. jurisdiction to change the legal or regulatory context of existing welfare programs, or to add new programs, which are described or labeled as a reform.  For the purposes of this topic, a welfare program must revolve around a transfer payment for which the recipient had not previously made contributions, other than through general tax payments. Examples include General Assistance, Aid for Families with Dependent Children (AFDC), public housing, Medicaid, income subsidies (rent and fuel subsidies, earned income tax credit, food stamps, etc.), child care programs (day care subsidies, nutrition programs, Head Start, etc.), and vocational training programs.  NOT relevant are those programs which could be viewed as the payment of insurance benefits to those who had previously made contributions (either directly or indirectly through a family member or employer), such as Medicare, Social Security survivor's benefits, and unemployment insurance.  Also NOT relevant are those documents which deal solely with the financing or administration of existing programs.
104;A relevant document will detail the content of the U.S. medicare act of l988 which extended catastrophic illness benefits to the elderly, with particular attention to the financing scheme which led to a firestorm of protest and a Congressional retreat, or a relevant document will detail the political/legal consequences of the catastrophic health insurance imbroglio and subsequent efforts by Congress to provide similar coverages through a less-controversial mechanism.
105;A relevant document will contain at least one reason why U.S. stock markets experienced a huge price drop on 19 October 1987, losses of equity so large that markets were said to have crashed (the Dow, for example, lost 508 points on that one day alone); the date of the crash has become known as "Black Monday."  A preferable document would contain a detailed analysis of the crash. The best document would link analysis of events to actions taken or recommendations made by federal authorities or the stock markets to prevent future crashes.  NOT relevant are reports which simply reference, without analysis, "Black Monday," such as anniversary stories generated by the press around every October 19th.
106;A relevant document will contain information on proposed or enacted changes to U.S. laws and regulations, including state laws and stock market rules, which are aimed at increasing penalties or closing loopholes in existing institutional discouragements to insider trading.  NOT relevant are reports on specific insider trading cases, such as the prosecutions and settlements related to the Boesky - Milken - Drexel Burnham Lambert scandal, unless the report also contains specific information on legal or regulatory change.
107;A relevant document will provide data on Japanese laws, regulations, and/or practices which help the foreigner understand how Japan controls, or does not control, stock market practices which could be labeled as insider trading.
108;A relevant document will identify a Japanese law or regulation, a governmental policy or administrative procedure, a corporate custom, or a business practice which discourages, or even prevents, entry into the Japanese market by foreign goods and services.  A document which reports generally on market penetration difficulties but which does not identify a specific Japanese barrier to trade is NOT relevant.
109;To be relevant, a document must mention one of the following companies: Overseas Telecommunications Commission (OTC) Ltd., Hi Tech Enterprises, Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing, Integrated Solutions, MIPS Computer Systems Inc., or Ask Computer Systems Inc.
110;A relevant document will discuss any effort by blacks to force political change in South Africa.  The reported black challenge to apartheid may take any form -- military, political, or economic -- but of greatest interest would be information on reported activities by armed personnel linked to the African National Congress (ANC), either in South Africa or in bordering states.
111;A relevant document will report on efforts by the UN's International Atomic Energy Agency to monitor compliance with the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty, or, report on efforts by the United States, Britain, France, USSR, India, or China to control the transfer of technology, equipment, materials, or delivery systems to nations suspected of nuclear weapons development programs, or, a relevant document will report any nuclear activities by Argentina, Brazil, Iraq, Israel, North Korea, Pakistan, or South Africa (all suspected proliferators).
112;A relevant document will provide financial data which assists in quantifying worldwide investment in biotechnology.  Relevant data includes the following: funds provided to government, academic, or corporate laboratories for biotechnology research; data on the capitalization of start-up firms in the biotechnology arena, e.g. stock sales, venture capital investments, etc.; profit and loss figures for biotechnology enterprises or the biotechnology divisions of established corporations, etc.
113;A relevant document will discuss more recent or emerging applications of space satellite technology.  NOT relevant are such "traditional" or early satellite age usages as INTELSAT transmission of voice and data communications for telephone companies or program feeds for established television networks.  Also NOT relevant are such established uses of satellites as military communications, earth mineral resource mapping, and support of weather forecasting.  A few examples of newer applications are the building of private satellite networks for transfer of business data, facsimile transmission of newspapers to be printed in multiple locations, and direct broadcasting of TV signals.  The underlying purpose of this topic is to collect information on recent or emerging trends in the application of space satellite technology.
114;A relevant document will provide information which helps identify the purpose and capabilities of satellites launched anywhere in the world which might have non-commercial applications.  Accordingly, periodic launches of INTELSAT communications satellites are clearly NOT relevant.  On the other hand, data on launches of military communication or intelligence sensor satellites are definitely relevant.  Potentially useful data on any given launch would be press comment as to whether the satellite has a military, scientific, or intelligence purpose, type of launch vehicle employed, reported satellite configuration, launch trajectory and speed, projected orbit, etc.
115;A relevant document will provide concrete example(s) of the impact of the U.S.'s Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 (also known as the Simpson-Mazzoli Act).  Relevant examples are a foreign government's official complaints against the law, domestic legal and political attempts to delay enforcement or modify provisions of the act, imposition of fines on employers who hire illegal aliens, reports on undocumented workers taking advantage of the legalization program, enforcement actions by the Immigration and Naturalization Service, etc.  NOT relevant are such general reports as analyses of the law's potential impact, explication of the law's provisions, continuing political discourse on immigration issues, as well as immigration cases not related to the 1986 law.
116;A relevant document must have all four of the following pieces of information relative to potential generic drug substitutions: the name of a generic drug, the brand name (or chemical term) of the drug for which it is an equivalent, the manufacturer or distributor of the generic, and the medical condition(s) treated by both the generic and the brand name drug.  Reports which contain multiple generic equivalencies are clearly relevant, since the purpose of the search is to build a cross index of potentially cheaper generics.  General reports on the economics, legal actions, or politics of generic competitions are NOT relevant, unless they contain the four elements of data specified.
117;A relevant document will provide data which helps answer the question, what is the capacity of the installed U.S. cellular telephone network?  Relevant information can be cumulative over time, but it must be specific regarding such factors as area of operation for a given cellular company, number of units serviced by that company, type of equipment used, technology employed, and near-term plans for upgrades and expansions.  NOT relevant is such information as investments and capitalization, management changes, acquisitions and mergers (unless concrete data relative to capacity also is reported), equipment manufacture, paging services, etc.
118;A relevant document will report such information as the history, objectives, structure, areas of operation, identities of members and supporters, or activities of international terrorist groups and individuals.  Information must be sufficient to place the document into the international terrorism category, as defined below, so as to distinguish the report from those which detail activities by rebel groups pejoratively labeled as "terrorist" by a regime under attack.
119;A relevant document will report on military, political, economic, or legal actions taken against international terrorists, or states accused of sponsoring terrorism, by recognized governments worldwide.  The official action must be against groups or individuals (or their sponsors) who fit the international terrorist mold, as defined below, rather than be actions against opponents of a government who are labeled as "terrorist" for political or propaganda purposes.
120;A relevant document will address the issue of how to calculate the private sector economic consequences of the activities of international terrorists. Reported consequences may be such information as corporate claims that a fall off in business resulted from customer fears over international terrorism, actual destruction of private property through terrorist acts, investments not made because of concerns over a  terrorist presence in an area of potential investment, etc..   NOT relevant are costs attributable to government actions.
121;A relevant document will provide obituary information on a prominent U.S. person who died of an identified type of cancer.  In addition to the individual's name and cancer, the report must provide sufficient biographical information for a determination of why the life and contributions of the individual were worthy of some comment upon death. In other words, a one or two line obituary is NOT sufficient.
122;A relevant document will report on any phase in the worldwide process of bringing new cancer fighting drugs to market, from conceptualization to government marketing approval.  The laboratory or company responsible for the drug project, the specific type of cancer(s) which the drug is designed to counter, and the chemical/medical properties of the drug must be identified.
123;A relevant document will report on research into linkages between cancer and environmental hazards and/or the efforts of governments to limit exposure of their people to carcinogens.  The governmental action may be of any category, e.g. entry into international agreements, enactment of domestic laws, issuance of administrative regulations, support of carcinogen research, air and soil sampling, launching of public education campaigns, etc.
124;A relevant document will report on any attempt to experiment with or demonstrate the efficacy of any non-chemical, non-surgical, or non-radiological approach to preventing or curing cancer.
125;A relevant document will provide at least one example of actions proposed or taken by public authorities anywhere in the world to limit or discourage the human use of tobacco.  Limits may take any regulatory or legal form appropriate to that jurisdiction, to include sales controls, limits on advertisement, mandatory warning labels, and establishment of no-smoking zones.  Court findings against tobacco companies (if any), as well as publicly financed anti-smoking campaigns and education programs, are to be considered as relevant forms of discouragement.  In addition, public funding of medical research into tobacco use is relevant information.  However, private anti-smoking initiatives, such as creating no-smoking areas, are NOT relevant unless traceable in origin to government action.  Also NOT relevant are contradictory, pro-tobacco government actions, such as tobacco price support programs and export encouragements.
126;A relevant document will report on non-traditional medical ethics issues which have been created by recent (post WWII) advances in medical science and/or the efforts of the medical community to deal with such ethical issues. Relevant reports include those on such issues as the decision process for selecting organ transplant recipients, whether to place or remove a patient from a life-support machine ("when to pull the plug"), whether or not to employ advanced techniques on defective newborns, and the use of fetal tissue and human cells in biomedical research.  NOT relevant are reports on such traditional issues as abortion, mercy killing, and assisted suicide. Also NOT relevant are reports on the long-established legal/ethical issue of the right to privacy, as it relates to such contemporary public health problems as mandatory testing and contact tracing for AIDS.
127;A relevant document must provide specific information on U.S.-U.S.S.R. arms control agreements, such as the weapons covered, size of reduction, verification procedures, etc.  Debate in the U.S. Congress, or within Allied Nations or multilateral fora, is NOT relevant, unless such debates coincidentally provide new, concrete information on the terms of concluded, pending, or proposed arms control agreements.
128;A relevant document will discuss a completed, ongoing, or  proposed sale to the private sector (e.g., offer to the public, or to a selected investor), by a government or government entity, of a business, businesses, or shares of a business owned by that government or government entity.  The business and the government or government entity must be identified.  A document which discusses privatization in general, privatization plans or a privatization program, but does not refer to a specific sale, is NOT relevant.
129;A relevant document will discuss reported espionage by entities of the Soviet government - KGB, GRU, etc. - conducted within the territory of the United States of America, or against U.S. diplomatic or military facilities overseas.  Reported entrapment or involvement of U.S. citizens, residents, or employees in Soviet spying, be it overseas or within U.S. territory, is also relevant.  However, espionage cases involving states linked to the USSR - Czechoslovakia, Bulgaria, Cuba, etc. - are NOT relevant, unless linkage to Soviet intelligence can be demonstrated.
130;A relevant document will report on U.S. efforts to advance emigration freedom for Soviet Jews, USSR resistance to the permanent move of Jews to Israel or the U.S., and/or how the Jewish emigration issue affects U.S.-U.S.S.R. bilateral relations, as well as the relative positions of the two superpowers in the Middle East.
131;A relevant document will provide specified data on contracts awarded to McDonnell Douglas for the production of military aircraft for any nation, any military service, or of any aircraft type (interceptor, fighter-bomber, helicopter, etc.).  The contract must be for completed airframes, NOT contracts for aircraft development, factory tooling, components, spare parts, services, etc.  To be relevant, the document also must specify the number of aircraft to be delivered, the dollar size of the contract, and the aircraft type sought.
132;A relevant document will contain specific information on the design, assembly, and testing of "stealth" (radar-evading) fighters and bombers of the United States Air Force, and/or provide data indicative of the costs, characteristics, and performance of such aircraft.  Relevant information includes, but is not limited to, expenditures associated with stealth projects, technology reportedly used or to be used, locations associated with assembly or testing of the aircraft, information on performance (demonstrated or projected), and identification of contractors or subcontractors on stealth projects (excepting reports simply identifying the publicly known prime contractors for the stealth fighter and stealth bomber, Lockheed and Northrop, respectively).  Reports on flight tests or combat use of stealth aircraft are NOT relevant, unless technical or performance data are explicitly provided.
133;A relevant document will provide information on the instruments, components, controls, capabilities, or other technical features of the Hubble Space Telescope.  Reports on delays in launching, or the actual launch of the Hubble, are NOT relevant.  In addition, only initial reports which technically detail the telescope's flawed mirror, how the defect will impact the telescope's effectiveness, or how the flaw will be corrected, are relevant.  Further references to the defective mirror, particularly political or non-scientific discussion of the mistake (or the project generally), are NOT relevant.  Also, references to the Hubble Constant, or the scientist for whom both the telescope and the astronomical term were named, are NOT relevant.
134;A relevant document will report on the purposes, strategies, technologies, funding, and/or management of the human genome project.  Although they may be scientifically pertinent, reports on general biomedical, genetic, and cell chemistry research, as well as related technologies, are NOT relevant to this topic unless they are explicitly linked to the human genome project.
135;A relevant document will report on any of the following: gene mapping research aimed at locating specific genes involved in those human diseases where genetic cause or predisposition have been implicated, attempts to describe the molecular structure and chemical defects of suspect genes (in either single gene or polygenic diseases), the development of diagnostic tests at the gene level, and research into possible treatments which might result from locating and analyzing genes involved in inherited human diseases. Reports on laboratory techniques or research projects which may aid the general fields of genetics and molecular biology, but which do not directly link the procedure or project to the study or treatment of a human genetic disease, are NOT relevant.
136;A relevant document will give information on moves by Pacific Telesis to expand and diversify into information services, cellular radio, and other businesses outside its regulated activity of providing local telephone service in California and Nevada.  NOT relevant to diversification moves by Pacific Telesis is such information as developments in local telephone service, financial issues (telephone rates, stock prices, and earnings reports), legal actions, labor conflicts, etc.
137;A relevant document will report on plans by U.S. corporations to build a new theme park, to enlarge an existing theme or amusement park, or to add a new attraction to an existing park.  Reports on developments in overseas theme parks in which U.S. interests have a substantial equity or management position are also relevant.  However, reports on mergers and acquisitions which do not add to plant or capacity in the theme park industry are NOT relevant.
138;A relevant document will provide explicit information which supports (or counters) the allegation that elements in the Iranian government encourage, influence, financially support, and/or direct the activities of such Lebanese groups as Hezbollah in the taking and holding of U.S. and European hostages.
139;A relevant document will provide information which facilitates analysis of the non-political impact of Iran's Islamic Revolution on the people of Iran, as well as Muslims and others outside Iran.  Relevant data on the religious, legal, cultural, and social dimensions of the Islamic Revolution should help describe how Ayatollah Khomeini's overthrow of the Shah impacted, and continues to impact, the lives of people. NOT relevant are reports focused on the human and economic losses associated with the Iran-Iraq War.
140;A relevant document will provide information on the increase outside Iran of Islamic fundamentalism, among both Sunni and Shiite adherents, and how the strengthening of the Islamic fundamentalist movement has, or potentially can, effect the structures, politics, and policies of national governments.
141;A relevant document will reveal Japanese government or government-inspired actions designed to reduce the gap or ameliorate frictions resulting from Japan's continuing surplus in bilateral trade with the U.S.  The report must identify concrete actions which are traceable to the Japanese government. NOT relevant would be promises or proposals.  Similarly, analyses of the U.S.-Japan trade relationship, trade negotiations, or political commentary thereon, are NOT relevant.  Also, such economic data as foreign exchange and interest rate movements, corporate initiatives, or stock and bond market changes are NOT relevant, unless such information is explicitly linked to Japanese government efforts to deal with the bilateral trade surplus.
142;A relevant document will demonstrate specifically how a government anywhere in the world protects domestic production of grains (such as corn, rice, and wheat), provide the rationale for such policies (if available), and/or demonstrate the linkage between such domestic agricultural policies and a nation`s foreign trade and diplomatic relations.
143;A relevant document will describe actions taken by the U.S. government to protect U.S. farmers; or, reveal how farm price supports, export subsidies, import quotas, and other special farm policies impact the rural economy, as well as consumer costs and the federal budget; or, indicate a rationale used to justify farm support policies; or, show the relationship between agricultural policies and Congressional politics; or, suggest how national farm policies distort the "free" functioning of the agricultural sector of the national economy.
144;A relevant document will provide information on management effectiveness by the United Nations, its specialized agencies, or in its running of such activities as peace keeping and relief operations.  Allegations of management failings, as well as retorts to such charges, are relevant.  However, charges of ideological bias or disputes over political and policy issues are NOT relevant.  The focus is management effectiveness, or the lack thereof.
145;A relevant document will identify and/or discuss the effectiveness of an organization, individual, or mechanism employed by the so-called "pro-Israel lobby" to advance the interests of the State of Israel within the United States and its government.  Particularly useful would be a document which shows the lobby's impact on a specific policy decision by the U.S. government.
146;A relevant document will provide information on proposals for peace, negotiations on such proposals, terms of any agreements reached, problems in implementing agreements, or successful implementation of any agreement designed to facilitate an end to the civil war in Nicaragua.
147;A relevant document will contain some macroeconomic datum useful in charting long-term productivity trends in the U.S. economy.  Because useful in checking and calibrating aggregate figures, productivity statistics for specific sectors of the U.S. economy could be useful.  However, statistics for individual enterprises, because not available in sufficient numbers, are NOT relevant.  Also NOT relevant, unless containing confirmable productivity statistics, are reports on political discussions or press commentaries on the state of the U.S. economy.
148;A relevant document will provide information on the course of the Ethiopia-Somalia War (military and diplomatic developments), rebellions within Ethiopia, attempts to overthrow the Siad Barre regime in Somalia, and/or population movements within Ethiopia and Somalia, as well as refugee movements in and out of the neighboring states of Djibouti, Kenya, and Sudan.
149;A relevant document will provide information on alleged or demonstrated acts of industrial espionage committed by agencies of any nation, by any corporation seeking information on a competitor through apparently illegal acts, or by private individuals seeking to collect and sell propietary information. The espionage may be through any means -- electronic surveillance, bribery of employees, theft of documents, etc. -- whose purpose is to obtain technological or corporate secrets.  Also relevant are the actions of governments to prevent the theft of economic secrets through legislation, regulation, or law enforcement.  NOT relevant are such legally permissable actions as market research, hiring of consultants, and analysis of publicly available documents.
150;A relevant document will show how U.S. politicians (federal, state, or local --  individually or as a group) pay for their election campaigns, the role played by "special interests" and contributors in the electoral process, allegations or evidence of campaign contributions buying political favors, and/or proposals to limit the cost of campaigns or "reform" electoral finance practices.
151;A relevant document will describe scenes of overcrowding that have become all too common in jails and prisons around the country.  The document will identify how inmates are forced to cope with those overcrowded conditions, and/or what the Correctional System is doing, or planning to do, to alleviate the crowded condition.
152;A relevant document will mention an alleged impropriety or improprieties by individuals or entities (companies, corporations), either domestic or foreign, attempting to provide services or products related to the U.S. military effort.  To be relevant, document will specifically: (1) identify the wrongdoer, and (2) describe in at least general terms (e.g., overcharging, bribing, swindling, illegal gifts, bid-riggings found, insider information) the nature of the wrongdoing.
153;A relevant document will discuss an existing or proposed insurance plan (governmental, commercial or individual) and the coverage it provides for long term care confinements in an institution or home care.
154;A relevant document will note the location of the spill, amount of oil spilled, and the responsible corporation, if known. This will include shipborne accidents, offshore drilling and holding tank spills, but should not include intentional spills such as Iraq/Kuwait or leakage from broken pipes.  References to legislation brought about by a spill, litigation and clean up efforts associated with a spill are not relevant unless specifics of the spill are included.
155;Leaders of Right Wing Christian Fundamentalist Groups, such as, Christian Coalition, have begun a Grass Roots Campaign to enter the political process at local, state and national levels to further their "Religious Agenda."  Relevant documents may be feature articles, editorial comments, news items, letters to editor, etc.  Particularly relevant are perceptions of threats of this movement to civil liberties, government stability and to the U.S. Constitution.  This search will be confined to the U.S.
156;Any discussion of Gun Control -- Pro or Con -- in editorials, letters to editor, news items, etc.  This will include efforts at gun control at all political levels -- city, county, state, and federal.  Of particular interest are discussions which relate these efforts to the broader issue of just what relevance does the Second Amendment have to the question.  This search will be limited to U.S. efforts.
157;This search will be somewhat limiting in that it focuses on one particular medical condition among a broader group which are thought to be caused by the auto-immune system.  Efforts will be directed toward finding any reports of new ideas of cause as well as elaboration on the auto-immune theories.  The search will focus also on research efforts to find treatments to alleviate the symptoms of MS and/or to discover possible cures for it.  The names of companies involved and the particular drug or therapy should be a part of the relevant item.  Also relevant would be non-medical or alternative healing procedures which find acceptance among MS sufferers, e.g., bee venom, acupuncture, etc.
158;Any discussion of the subject of limiting the number of consecutive terms a member of the U.S. House of Representative or a member of the U.S. Senate may serve whether in editorials, letters to the editor, news items, etc. is to be considered.  The search should consider efforts which originate at Grass Root Level as Referenda, at the state level as discussions or even enactment of laws and at the national level.  Integral to this search are the underlying U.S. Constitutional Qualifications for a member of Congress.  Discussions and arguments pro and con on just what effect interpretations of the Constitution might have on term limitation efforts.
159;A relevant document will identify a specified Government, or a commercial company that has developed or is in the process of developing an electric car which is feasible for public use on public highways and city streets (e.g., Los Angeles, California).  Documents which only provide information about future plans for the development of an electric car, or a battery are not relevant.
160;A relevant document will provide information indicating that vitamins may help to prevent or cure human ailments. Information indicating that vitamins may cause health problems in humans is also relevant.  A document that makes a general reference to vitamins such as "good for your health" or "having nutritional value" is not relevant.  Information about research being conducted without results would not be relevant.  References to derivatives of vitamins are to be treated as the vitamin.
161;A relevant document should include any of the problem areas associated with what is known as acid rain.  Relevant data would include such areas as the source, possible cause, actions taken to correct or eliminate, and the areas of the country/world affected.  Other items of interest would be any joint nation agreements/actions, legislative actions, and data or comments on the cost of clean up versus the benefits to be gained.  Not relevant documents would be those that contain only general comments on the subject with no real facts or recommendations or those deemed to be politically motivated.  Also documents containing only generalized or brief statements on upcoming visits, meetings, legislation related to the acid rain problem would be non-relevant unless they contain specific facts relating to the acid rain problem.
162;A relevant document will provide data on the recall of vehicles to fix, modify, or replace defective components.  Relevant data would include recall data on vehicles produced by American or Foreign manufacturers and would include the name of the company, make/model of the vehicle, and the purpose of the recall.  The numbers of vehicles involved is desired, but not essential.  Legal actions or court decisions would also be desired, but are not necessary to be relevant.  Trucks and buses should be considered the same as an auto for the purpose of relevancy.  Not relevant would be suggested recalls that have not been substantiated or ordered by the company or Government.
163;Relevant documents will discuss veterans suffering from cancer and other ailments allegedly caused by Agent Orange; the document will also relate the awarding of compensation to the veteran, or the veterans attempt to obtain compensation. Documents which discuss medically ailing children born to a veteran who had been exposed to Agent Orange are also relevant. Official studies are relevant, but articles which simply reference the Agent Orange problem are not relevant.
164;To be relevant a document must identify a specific generic drug company being investigated by the FDA or Congress.  It also must identify the drug, i.e., the generic drug for Zantac.  A vague reference to a type of drug, such as pain killer or muscle relaxer is not relevant.  A general reference to generic drugs and related problems (quality-control or drug scandals) without specifics is not relevant.  Recalls of specific generic drugs that did not live up to FDA standards are relevant.  Disputes between drug manufacturers concerning the quality or sales of generic versus name brand drugs including lawsuits are not relevant.
165;A relevant document must report on tobacco company advertising and its relation to young people.  A relevant document can address either side of the question:  (1) Do tobacco companies consciously target the young, or (2) As the tobacco industry argues, is this an erroneous public perception.  The "young" may be identified as youth, children, adolescents, teenagers, high school students, and college students.
166;In addition to a direct charge that standardized testing is biased, a relevant document could report on the fact that the average test scores for middle and upper class males are higher than the average scores of blacks, Hispanics, women and the poor, a fact that members of those groups interpret as evidence of bias.  Standardized tests include the PSAT, the SAT, the ACT, and any state-administered test.  Testing for the grant of scholarships or for advanced placement would be relevant. Criticism of the make-up of the tests, efforts to change the make-up of the tests, or the abandonment of the tests by certain colleges would be relevant.
167;A relevant document could report on governmental or self-regulation. Documents reporting on the efficacy of the movie rating system, or proposed changes to that system would be relevant.  Items on the refusal of newspapers and magazines to carry advertisements for certain movies would be relevant.
168;A relevant document must provide information on the government's responsibility to make AMTRAK an economically viable entity.  It could also discuss the privatization of AMTRAK as an alternative to continuing government subsidies.  Documents comparing government subsidies given to air and bus transportation with those provided to AMTRAK would also be relevant.
169;To be relevant a document will identify a problem concerning garbage/trash removal and include a cost figure for a household, city, state, or federal government.  A document that reports garbage problems without referring to costs is not relevant. A document that reports penalties for not adhering to regulations is not relevant.  References to garbage/trash removal as being "costly" or "expensive" without actual figures are not relevant.  A document that identifies costs for recycling is relevant.  Documents that identify how much a landfill site survey, furnace, etc. may cost without a specific purchase are not relevant.
170;To be relevant a document must provide pertinent data on the risks associated with silicone gel breast implants, including identified residual effects.  Documents that identify Dow-Corning Corporation as the manufacturer of the device are particularly significant.  Statements issued by the FDA regarding implant`s safety and reliability, and technological advances in testing procedures to assist in the identification of future problem areas are considered relevant. Pending or concluded litigation against the Dow-Corning Corporation which has been initiated by implant recipients is not relevant unless it provides a specific strategy of the Corporation to alert the public to the risks involved. Foreign government's actions regarding the use of silicone gel implants are not relevant.
171;To be relevant a document will address the role/use of mutual funds as an integral part of an individuals investment retirement program, including Individual Retirement Accounts (IRA) which are assigned/designated. The document must identify the specific type of fund; i.e., income, stock, bond, etc., the reason for its selection when compared to other types of funds available, and in concert with the needs and capabilities of the individual investor.  The names of individual funds, companies administering the funds or funds portfolio managers are not relevant unless they identify a unique option or feature not commonly available to the investor in other financial programs utilized in retirement planning.
172;A relevant document must provide substantive information on the effectiveness of U.S. Government approved medical products and psychological or psychiatric programs, including group therapy, used to reduce or stop the use of tobacco products.  The document must identify the producer of the medical product, the name under which the product is marketed and specific information regarding its effectiveness when known or derived through clinical studies.  Related services utilized in treatment must identify the specific type of program and include statements regarding their effectiveness.  Generalized statements regarding overall health issues associated with tobacco products are not relevant.  The use of foreign government's products presently under review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is relevant, provided the product is available to the consumer on a medically approved temporary license.  Smoking bans are not relevant unless the document addresses a long term reduction in consumption of the products.
173;A relevant document would include data on smoking bans that have been initiated worldwide in the workplace, on various modes of transportation, and in commercial advertising.  Relevant information would include such data as who initiated the ban, affected areas, enforcement policy/procedures if any, and any penalties that may be imposed.  Also relevant would be tobacco company reactions, legislation imposing a smoking ban, and legal actions or court decisions pertaining to a smoking ban. Not relevant would be documents containing public or private sector comments on smoking in general but not related to a specific ban.  Also not relevant would be documents related to health hazards associated with smoking and not referring to a smoking ban.
174;A relevant document would provide data on what is referred to as the Superfund Hazardous Waste Cleanup Program.  Relevant data would be in such areas as information on how much money is in the approved EPA budget to support the Superfund; goals and policies of the program; cleanup problems created by the Superfund Law and associated costs, if known; numbers of sites on the cleanup list; effectiveness of the program; as well as actions taken in response to the Superfund Law.  Also relevant would be data on actions taken by the EPA to recover costs as well as any court decisions made in response to Superfund actions.  Documents that discuss hazardous waste operations in general with only reference to Superfund would be considered as not relevant.  Data on proposed budget dollar figures as well as politically motivated statements on the Superfund Program would not be relevant.
175;A relevant document will contain specific instances in which gun control legislation was defeated through the efforts of the National Rifle Association.  Such instances will include NRA influence to affect a popular vote on proposed legislation as well as the use of gun lobbyists to influence legislators engaged in such voting.
176;Private detectives can be self-employed or work for a private agency.  Document can describe the work of private detectives in general without citing a specific person.
177;A relevant document will note instances in which English is favored as a standard language.  Examples are the positive results achieved by immigrants in the areas of acceptance, greater economic opportunity, and increased academic achievement.  Reports are also desired which describe some of the language difficulties encountered by other nations and groups of nations, e.g., Canada, Belgium, European Community, when they have opted for the use of two or more languages as their official means of communication.  Not relevant are reports which promote bilingualism or multilingualism.
178;A relevant document will note an attack that resulted in death or injury on any human, regardless of age, anywhere in the United States.  It should identify actual cases and include the location of the attack, the individuals being attacked, the breed and number of dog(s) if known, and the resultant injuries or death.  Reports only of numbers of injuries or deaths attributable to dogs are not relevant unless specifics are included.
179;A relevant document will identify the restaurant chain and the specific country where the restaurant is now or will be located.  Town locations are of interest but are not required for relevancy.  Planned expansions are relative providing specific negotiations with the country of interest are now or have already taken place.  Relevancy requires the name of a food associated restaurant chain, not just sales and distribution of 'soft drinks' and 'snacks'.
180;A relevant document will provide statement or implication on the ineffectiveness of an embargo or sanction taken against a foreign nation by the U.S.  Document must also contain the type and reason for the embargo or sanction, name of foreign nation, and, where noted, information regarding the method(s) employed by that foreign nation to circumvent the embargo or sanction.
181;To be relevant a document must provide pertinent data on abuse of the elderly in nursing homes or related facilities by health care professionals, nonmedical personnel and family members involved in patient care.  The document must cite the type of abuse inflicted and the category of personnel involved in the abuse.  Laws and regulations affecting patient care are relevant when specific changes in policy or procedures to reduce abuse are indicated. Generalized statements on the environmental conditions prevalent in the facilities are not relevant unless specific data is presented to indicate positive action is being taken to alleviate the conditions.
182;Relevant document will present data that reflects that commercial overfishing has created a shortage in the world food fish population.  Document will identify any law or regulation or area restrictions and limits resulting from the shortage, and alternate actions being taken to supplement the current demand for food fish; e.g., aquaculture, different fishing areas, alternative species of fish.
183;A relevant document will report on lawsuits stemming from diseases attributed to asbestos use in buildings, manufacturing plants or shipyards.  Although they may be scientifically pertinent, reports on cancers/diseases caused by asbestos use are not relevant to this topic unless they are explicitly linked to a lawsuit.
184;A relevant document will report on problems associated with pension plans/funds and also U.S. Government regulatory controls on pension plans.  Examples of problems that are considered relevant are fraud, skimming, tapping or raiding.
185;A relevant document will report on the actual or proposed overhaul of the welfare system at all levels of government. Some examples of reforms to the welfare system are work, education and training programs aimed primarily at welfare recipients.
186;Relevant document must indicate that a different level of educational skills does exist between inner city school students and other school's students citing measures such as grade point averages.  A relevant document should point to at least one causative.  Such factors might be:  better qualified teachers and administrators, more financial assistance to other schools, more parent interest or involvement, student motivation, peer pressure, and economic or environment backgrounds.
187;A relevant document might describe the purchase of a publishing house by a more diversified industry, the takeover of a small publisher by a larger one, or the merger of two or more publishers or publications.  The closing of a publishing house, subsidiary, imprint, magazine, or newspaper would also be relevant.  In general, a relevant document will indicate the narrowing of the publishing industry.
188;To be relevant, a document will identify a specific location and whether the erosion was natural or storm related.  Procedures implemented to replenish current beaches and to preclude or minimize future instances of erosion would also be relevant. Identification of funds, regardless of source, for use on specific beaches or areas would be relevant as well as identification of any local, state or federal legislative action(s) restricting use of affected areas, erosion of farmland and along rivers and related stream banks is not relevant.
189;Most relevant would be a description of an intentional murder with a statement of the murderer's motive.  An unintentional murder, such as in a charge of second-degree homicide, would be relevant if a motive is stated for an action which clearly led to the victim's death.
190;To be relevant, document will describe an example or examples of the use of an electronic computer to gain an unfair or dishonest advantage against any entity (government, business, individual) anywhere in the world.
191;To be relevant, document will: (a) specify the suggestion or course of action being undertaken which had as its goal an improvement of scholastic achievement at any level within the U.S. educational establishment, and (b) identify the proponent or proponents of such an improvement.
192;To be relevant a document will identify a method, procedure, or chemical process used in cleaning up the water and beaches after a major oil spill, such as the Exxon Valdez incident.  The mere mention of cleanup efforts without identifying the method or chemical used is not relevant.  A document that refers to a procedure such as scrubbing, spraying, etc. is relevant.  References to the cost of cleanup and number of people and equipment involved without mentioning the method are not relevant.
193;A relevant document will feature information compiled by consumer safety groups and concerned parents on manufactured toys they consider dangerous to the health of children and the harm that toy could cause a child.  A relevant document may present information on the number of injuries or deaths caused by dangerous toys, which may cause follow- on actions by the manufacturer to include recalls or discontinuance of the production of the toy.  A non-relevant document would contain information regarding the general production, advertisment and sale of toys.
194;Amount of money quoted may refer to money paid to a writer for a single item, such as a book advance or a movie deal; or may be cumulative over a period of time.  It may also result from ancillary activities such as speaking engagements resulting from what they have written. Writing in any medium is relevant.  A figure may also refer to a range, such as an industry standard, instead of a particular payment.
195;To be relevant, a document will report on what stock market analysts or financial reporters consider reportable upward or downward shifts in any world-wide market caused at least partially if not entirely by computer programs which upon recognition of certain conditions triggered a buy or sell action by any category of stock market investor (individual, company, fund, etc).
196;A relevant document will report on the advantages or disadvantages of a voucher system for public school students who wish to enroll in a private school and be subsidized by government funds.  The document will identify reasons for the voucher choice and could discuss the possible rise in enrollment of private and church related schools and the effect the voucher system could/would have upon the U.S. public school system.
197;A relevant document will report on tort reform as it relates to exorbitant financial remuneration awarded by juries to a plaintiff as a result of bias, injury, malpractice, or loss of civil liberties.  It could also discuss what constitutes a reasonable award or settlement.  Also, a relevant document could report on or discuss a fee for the attorney(s) involved, vice a percentage of the award, the upper limits of a judgement a jury can award, and judges overturning awards.
198;A relevant document will report on scientific and medical research currently being undertaken or planned, to identify those genes which are responsible for specific illnesses, acquired or hereditary; e.g., cystic fibrosis, sickle cell anemia, hemophilia, mild retardation, muscular dystrophy.  Also relevant is any discussion/ reporting on gene splicing and gene implantation techniques as well as tests for adults which could identify future parents whose children will inherit an illness.
199;A relevant document will discuss a suicide that is effected through the assistance of a medically competent person and the legal ramifications of such an assisted action.  It should also include any undue influence, such as counseling, suggestions, recommendations, and preparation of medications by the medical person which would incline the ill person to choose to commit suicide rather than it being an independent and free personal action. A suicide committed for health reasons, but as a totally independent action free from any medical assistance, is not relevant.
200;The impact can be positive or negative or qualitative.  It may include the expansion or shrinkage of markets or manufacturing volume or an influence on the methods or strategies of the U.S. textile industry.  "Textile industry" includes the production or purchase of raw materials; basic processing techniques such as dyeing, spinning, knitting, or weaving; the manufacture and marketing of finished goods; and also research in the textile field.
