51;Document will discuss government assistance to Airbus Industrie, or mention a trade dispute between Airbus and a U.S. aircraft producer over the issue of subsidies.
52;Document discusses sanctions against South Africa.
53;Document mentions a leveraged buyout valued at or above 200 million dollars.
54;Document will cite the signing of a contract or preliminary agreement, or the making of a tentative reservation, to launch a commercial satellite.
55;Document discusses an insider-trading case.
56;Document will include a prediction about the prime lending rate, or will report an actual prime rate move.
57;Document will discuss how MCI has been doing since the Bell System breakup.
58;Document will predict or anticipate a rail strike or report an ongoing rail strike.
59;Document will report a type of weather event which has directly caused at least one fatality in some location.
60;Document will describe either one or both sides of the controversy over the use of standards of performance to determine salary levels and incentive pay as contrasted with determining pay solely on the basis of seniority or longevity on the job.
61;Document will discuss the role of Israel in the Iran-Contra Affair.
62;Document will report a military coup d'etat, either attempted or successful, in any country.
63;Document will identify a machine translation system.
64;Document will report an event or result of politically motivated hostage-taking.
65;Document will identify a type of information retrieval system.
66;Document will identify a type of natural language processing technology which is being developed or marketed in the U.S.
67;Document will report a current civil disturbance in any country, involving citizens of that country protesting a political position of their own country's government.
68;Document will report actual studies, or even unsubstantiated concerns about the safety to manufacturing employees and installation workers of fine-diameter fibers used in insulation and other products.
69;Document will report an attempt by the U.S. House of Representatives or a European country to revive the SALT II Treaty ceilings on weapons in order to limit President Reagan's military build up.
70;Document will report judicial proceedings and opinions on contracts for surrogate motherhood.
71;Document will report incursions by land, air, or water into the border area of one country by military forces of a second country or a guerrilla group based in a second country.
72;Document will report a movement of people from one area of the U.S. to another for a variety of reasons. The movement of population described should be large enough to have some economic impact.
73;Document will report a movement of people from one country to another for a variety of reasons. The movement of population described should be large enough to have some economic impact.
74;Document will cite an instance in which the U.S. government propounds two conflicting or opposing policies.
75;Document will identify an instance in which automation has clearly paid off, or conversely, has failed.
76;Document will include a discussion of, or debate over, the issue of the original intent of the U.S. Constitution, or the meaning of a particular amendment to the Constitution, or will present an individual's interpretation of an amendment.
77;Document will report a poaching method used against a certain type of wildlife.
78;Document will report activity by Greenpeace to carry out their environmental protection goals.
79;Document will identify at least one German political party and report some position which the party has taken in regard to a political, social, economic, military, environmental, or international objective.
80;Document will identify something about the platform of a 1988 presidential candidate.
81;Document will report a loss of revenue of a televangelist in the aftermath of the PTL scandal, or a financial crisis triggered by the scandal.
82;Document discusses a genetic engineering application, a product that has been, is being, or will be developed by genetic manipulation, or attitudes toward genetic engineering.
83;Document will discuss plans, projects, agreements, treaties, or laws concluded or under consideration aimed at protecting the atmosphere.
84;Document will identify planned or under-construction alternative/renewable energy plant or equipment installations.
85;Document will discuss allegations, or measures being taken against, corrupt public officials of any governmental jurisdiction worldwide.
86;Document will identify recent bank failures within the United States, specifying name, location, assets, and federal or state authorities taking action.
87;Document will report on current criminal actions against officers of a failed U.S. financial institution.
88;Document will provide quantitative data usable in charting international crude oil price trends.
89;Document must identify an existing or pending investment by an OPEC member state in any "downstream" operation.
90;Document will provide totals or specific data on changes to the proven reserve figures for any oil or natural gas producer.
91;Document will identify acquisition by the U.S. Army of specified advanced weapons systems.
92;Document will identify a proposed or recently concluded sale of military equipment in the international arms market.
93;Document must describe or identify supporters of the National Rifle Association (NRA), or its assets.
94;Document must identify a crime perpetrated with the aid of a computer.
95;Document must describe a computer application to crime solving.
96;Document must describe computer programs, or computerized equipment, which aid in medical diagnosis.
97;Document must identify instances of fiber optics technology actually in use.
98;Document must identify individuals or organizations which produce fiber optics equipment.
99;Document will identify a development in the Iran-Contra Affair.
100;Document will identify efforts by the non-communist, industrialized states to regulate the transfer of high-tech goods or "dual-use" technologies to undesirable nations.
101;Document will provide information on the proposed configuration, components, and technology of the U.S.'s "star wars" anti-missile defense system.
102;Document will report on laser research related, or potentially related, to the U.S.'s Strategic Defense Initiative.
103;Document will report those proposed or enacted changes to U.S. federal, state, or local welfare laws and regulations which are propounded as reforms.
104;Document will enumerate provisions of the U.S. Catastrophic Health Insurance Act of l988, or the political/legal fallout from that legislation.
105;Document will state reasons why U.S. stock markets crashed on 19 October 1987 ("Black Monday"), or report on attempts to guard against another such crash.
106;Document will report proposed or enacted changes to U.S. laws and regulations designed to prevent insider trading.
107;Document will inform on Japan's regulation of insider trading.
108;Document will report on Japanese policies or practices which help protect Japan's domestic market from foreign competition.
109;Document must refer to one of the following: OTC Ltd., Hi Tech Enterprises, Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing, Integrated Solutions Inc., MIPS Computer Systems Inc., or Ask Computer Systems Inc.
110;Document will discuss efforts by the black majority in South Africa to overthrow domination by the white minority government.
111;Document will discuss efforts by the United Nations or those nations currently possessing nuclear weapons to control the proliferation of nuclear weapons capabilities to the non-nuclear weapons states.
112;Document will provide financial data relative to answering the question, how much money worldwide is being invested in the biotechnology arena?
113;Document will report on non-traditional applications of space satellite technology.
114;Document will provide data on launches worldwide of non-commercial space satellites.
115;Document will report specific consequence(s) of the U.S.'s Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986.
116;Document will identify a generic drug which can be substituted for a brand name drug in the treatment of at least one medical condition.
117;Document will provide at least one datum which helps build a description, quantification, and evaluation of the capacity of the U.S. cellular telephone network.
118;Document will provide background information on international terrorist groups or individuals, or detail the activities of such groups or individuals.
119;Document will report activities by established political authorities against international terrorists.
120;Document will report on actual or alleged private sector economic consequences of international terrorism.
121;Document will discuss the life and death of a prominent U.S. person from a specific form of cancer.
122;Document will report on the research, development, testing, and evaluation (RDT&E) of a new anti-cancer drug developed anywhere in the world.
123;Document will report on studies into linkages between environmental factors or chemicals which might cause cancer, and/or it will report on governmental actions to identify, control, or limit exposure to those factors or chemicals which have been shown to be carcinogenic.
124;Document will report on innovative approaches to preventing or curing cancer.
125;Document will describe actions by public authorities to limit the human use of tobacco.
126;Document will discuss ethical issues attendant to contemporary advances in medical technology.
127;Document will report the terms of arms control agreements concluded, under negotiation, or proposed between the United States and the Soviet Union.
128;Document discusses a current or future sale to the private sector, by a government or government entity, of a business, businesses, or shares of a business owned by the state.
129;Document will report spying by the USSR within U.S. territory or against U.S. interests overseas.
130;Document will report on the issue of Jewish emigration from the Soviet Union as it impacts on U.S.-Soviet relations.
131;Document will identify and quantify a contract awarded to McDonnell Douglas for production of military aircraft.
132;Document will provide cost, technical, and/or performance data on U.S. "stealth" aircraft projects.
133;Document will describe some design feature of the Hubble Space Telescope.
134;Document will report on the objectives, processes, and organization of the human genome project.
135;Document will report on efforts to locate and describe genes linked to inherited human diseases and/or report on the potential medical contributions such information might yield.
136;Document will report on attempts by Pacific Telesis to diversify beyond its basic business of providing local telephone service.
137;Document will report on the building of a new or on the expansion/upgrade of an existing theme park by a U.S. corporation in the United States or overseas.
138;Document will give data linking Iran to groups in Lebanon which seize and hold Western hostages.
139;Document will report on the religious, legal, cultural, and social consequences of Iran's Islamic Revolution within Iran and abroad.
140;Document will report on the political impact of Islamic fundamentalism within any nation other than Iran.
141;Document will report on Japanese efforts to deal with U.S. complaints regarding Japan's surplus in bilateral trade.
142;Document will show how and why national governments supervise and protect their own growers of grain and/or how these policies impact a nation's foreign trade and diplomatic relations.
143;Document will contribute to an analysis of how and why, and at what cost, the U.S. federal government protects, supports, and controls U.S. farming.
144;Document will report on alleged corruption, incompetence, or inefficiency in the management of the United Nation's staff, activities, or specialized agencies.
145;Document will describe how, and how effectively, the so-called "pro-Israel lobby" operates in the United States.
146;Document will report on the negotiating process leading to an end to the Nicaraguan civil war.
147;Document will provide productivity statistics on the U.S. economy.
148;Document will report on the Ethiopia-Somalia War, civil wars within those nations, and/or the movement of refugees fleeing armed conflicts between or within Ethiopia and Somalia.
149;Document will report on industrial espionage.
150;Document will report how U.S. politicians finance their election campaigns and/or moves to "reform" campaign finance practices.
151;The document will provide information on jail and prison overcrowding and how inmates are forced to cope with those conditions; or it will reveal plans to relieve the overcrowded condition.
152;Document will refer to an alleged illegality committed by any entity seeking a contract on behalf of the U.S. Military Forces.
153;Document will discuss insurance coverage for long term care confinements.
154;Document will identify major oil spills throughout the world.
155;Document will discuss implications of the decision of Right Wing Christian Fundamentalist Groups to use the political process to further their goals.
156;Documents will relate to efforts to enact Gun Control Legislation. They may also discuss implication upon and interpretation of the Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution as it relates to these efforts.
157;Documents will focus on studies as to causes of multiple sclerosis and on research efforts to develop treatments and/or cures for it.
158;Documents will relate the issues involved in these controversial proposals to try to place limits on the number of terms members of Congress can serve consecutively.
159;A relevant document will provide information on work already done, or being done, to develop an electric car.
160;Document will identify vitamins that have contributed to the cure for human diseases or ailments or documents will identify vitamins that have caused health problems in humans.
161;Document will provide information on the problems and actions associated with what is known as acid rain.
162;Document will provide data that expands on the type and purpose of recalls on vehicles manufactured by American or Foreign automobile companies.
163;While serving in South Vietnam, a number of U.S. Soldiers were reported as having been exposed to the defoliant Agent Orange. The issue is veterans entitlement, or the awarding of monetary compensation and/or medical assistance for physical damages caused by Agent Orange.
164;Document will report FDA or Congressional investigations concerning illegal activities by generic drug manufacturers.
165;A document will provide information on what is a widely held opinion that the tobacco industry aims its advertising at the young.
166;A document must provide information on charges that standardized testing of applicants to the college level is biased against racial minorities, women, and the poor.
167;A relevant document must report on efforts taken in the USA or abroad to regulate in any way the portrayal of violence and sex scenes in the movies, on television or videos.
168;A document will address the role of the Federal Government in financing the operation of the National Railroad Transportation Corporation (AMTRAK).
169;Document will report problems with garbage or trash removal and identify a related cost figure for a household or government entity (local, state, or federal).
170;Document will discuss the use of silicone gel breast implants manufactured by Dow-Corning Corporation and recipient`s concerns regarding future medical problems that may occur as a result of manufacturing defects or lack of proper testing before approval for general public use.
171;Document will discuss the role of mutual funds as an investment alternative in formulating an individual's retirement program.
172;Document will identify the effectiveness of the use of medical products and related psychological/psychiatric services in the cessation of smoking.
173;Document will provide data on smoking bans initiated worldwide in the public and private sector workplace, on various modes of public transportation, and in commercial advertising.
174;Document will provide data on the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act known as the Superfund Hazardous Waste Cleanup Program.
175;Document will report occasions on which the NRA engaged in actions which prevented the passage of legislation designed to reduce the proliferation of guns.
176;Document must refer to the hiring of a private investigator in real-life or describe the work of a private investigator.
177;Document will provide arguments supporting the making of English the standard language of the U.S.
178;Document will report on attacks by dogs on humans in the U.S.
179;Document will identify those countries where U.S. fast food restaurant chains are now or will be located.
180;Document will report ineffective results of embargo/sanction activities against a foreign nation by the U.S.  Embargo may be established in conjunction with friendly nation(s) after notification to the U.N.
181;Document will identify reports of elderly patients being abused in nursing homes and other facilities by skilled medical and nonmedical personnel and family members.
182;Document will provide information that the world's food fish population is decreasing due to commercial overfishing, and should present information for the need for counteractive measures.
183;Document will report on asbestos related lawsuits concerning asbestosis, a chronic disease of the lungs or mesothelioma, an incurable cancer of the chest and abdominal membranes.
184;Document will report on problems associated with pension plans/funds such as fraud, skimming, tapping or raiding.
185;Document will report on reform of welfare system in the U.S. at the federal, state or local levels of government.
186;Document should report the actual or alleged difference in educational learning levels among inner city and other public school students.
187;Document must identify instances of the loss of independence by publishers, from the sale or merger of their business or publication, or the sale of a significant interest in it to another person or company.
188;Document will identify instances of beach erosion anywhere in the U.S. and what, if anything, is being done to prevent its repetition.
189;Document must identify a murderer's motive for killing a person or persons in a true case.
190;Document will report instances of fraud accomplished anywhere in the world through the use of an electronic computer.
191;Documents will report an attempt or idea within the U.S. to improve student performance at any level (K through post-graduate) by any means (teacher pay, new equipment, new methods, new incentives, etc.).
192;Document will identify a method, procedure, or chemical used in cleaning up oil spills such as the Exxon Valdez.  Only oil spills on water (ocean, bay, lake, etc.) will be used.
193;Document will report the dangers of certain toys to children and the activities by consumer safety groups and parents against production and retail of these dangerous toys.
194;Document must quote amount of money earned by writers as a result of their writing efforts.
195;Document will discuss positive or negative instances of stock market shifts primarily owing to computer assisted trading initiatives.
196;Document will discuss the effects, positive or negative, of a proposed or actual government financed voucher system for elementary and secondary students enabling them to attend the school of their choice.
197;Document will discuss legal tort reform (a civil wrong for which the injured party seeks a judgement) with regard to placing limitations on monetary compensation to plaintiffs.
198;A document will discuss the advances in medical science which enable researchers to alter genes thereby effecting a cure or stabilizing a person`s medical condition or illness.
199;Document will discuss a suicide that is effected through the assistance of a medically competent person -- doctor, nurse, medical technician etc.  -- and the legality of such an assisted action.
200;Document must report on how the importation of foreign textiles or textile products has influenced or impacted on the U.S. textile industry.
